{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12300\viewh9900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 *As of 11/22/14: Rewriting will be done of John Dewey\'92s \'93School and Society\'94 from text taken from university marketing and strategic planning documents.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 *As of 7/28/2014: 
\b0 The concept is to rewrite an important pedagogical text in managerial jargon and display tensions between market based systems and quality of learning. \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dack.com/web/bullshit.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://www.dack.com/web/bullshit.html}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \ulnone Web commerce jargon generator. \
\
There is a difference between corporate jargon, economics jargon, and advertising jargon. Will I use just one? Or a synthesis. Perhaps I should study the mix of all of these styles as they are appearing in education. \
\

\i From Wikipedia: Corporate jargon\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}
\i0 May be characterized by sometimes-unwieldy elaborations of common English phrases, acting to conceal the real meaning of what is being said.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}
\i0 Tone is associated with managers of large corporations, business management consultants, and occasionally government.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}
\i0 Some of its forms may be considered as an argot.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}
\i0 Some of these words may be actually new inventions, designed purely to fit the specialized meaning of a situation or even to \'93spin\'94 negative situations as positive situations. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}
\i0\b Marketing speak
\b0  is a related label for wording styles used to promote a product or service to a wide audience by seeking to create the impression that the vendors of the service possess a high level of sophistication, skill, and technical knowledge.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1
\i \cf0 {\listtext	
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8259 
\f1\i 	}
\i0 Such language is often used in marketing press releases, advertising copy, and prepared statements read by executives and politicians.\
\ls1\ilvl1
\i {\listtext	
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8259 
\f1\i 	}
\i0\b Marketing speak
\b0  is characterized by its heavy use of buzzwords, neologisms, and terms appropriated from specialized technical fields which are eventually rendered almost meaningless through heavy repeated use in inappropriate contexts. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}
\i0 New usage for existing word: semantic extension.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}
\i0\b Neologism:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1
\i\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8259 
\f1\i 	}
\i0 Name for newly coined word, or new usage for an existing word.\
\ls1\ilvl1
\i {\listtext	
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8259 
\f1\i 	}
\i0 In Psychiatry, a Neologism is used to describe the use of words that have meaning only to the person who uses them, independent of their common meaning. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 \

\i0 Think about funding systems: book should also draw forth the tensions between education and the market. \
Perhaps there could be an event based off of a \'93hacking education\'94 in which I have artists do presentations about fixing the educational system? \

\i \
\
\
}